It's hard to believe it's been almost a decade since that first release in 2012.
In that time, the Become Jehovah's Friends series has proved to be a real gift from Jehovah.
Through these Bible lessons, children can learn to be kind, to be honest, to be respectful,
and to develop other godly qualities that help them see and obey the one who is invisible.
How can we begin to understand the far-reaching impact this series has had on Christian families?
We're going to let Christian parents tell how these videos have helped their children
to become Jehovah's Friend.
The Canadian had a really hard time working together with the older brothers and sisters
in the congregation.
I had a really hard time because they're kind of slow, but lesson 25 making friends was
just what I needed.
We spent a few weeks discussing the videos during our family worship evening.
The videos helped her to be more open-minded, be more respectful to the elderly brothers
and sisters, and want to work with them in field service.
So feel like chatting with sister Elsa, even though she's so old, so I can do that too.
These videos strengthened my relationship with Jehovah.
I know that he hasn't forgotten me as a single parent.
It can be so hard for single parents because they're trying to take on the role of both parents.
I got baptized because I loved Jehovah with my whole heart.
Jehovah still loves me even though I made from dust and I'm so little.
He took some of the weight off my shoulders.
Laura, our middle child, was perfectly healthy until she turned four years old.
That's when she was diagnosed with a rare tumor in her central nervous system.
Unfortunately, when the treatment was over, Laura passed away.
Even while she was sick, she just loved watching the videos.
Her favorite one was let's go in service.
This video really made her want to talk about Jehovah.
During the time that she was receiving chemotherapy treatments, which lowered her immunity,
we couldn't even leave the house with her.
But sometimes we'd bring her to get a check-up or get an exam done.
The doctor would say that everything was fine for now that her immunity was okay, and
the very first thing that she'd say to the doctor was, so I can go to the ministry, right?
The doctor would laugh and say, sure, you can.
Our family would take advantage of those times to go and feel service together as a family
all together that made Laura so happy.
It does us good to remember why the become Jehovah's friend series was created.
These videos were not designed as mere entertainment to simply pacify children for a short period
of time.
These lessons were designed to help children build a relationship with Jehovah so they can
live and serve him forever.
Jehovah loves children.
That love was evident in how his son Jesus Christ treated children.
The governing body shares that love as well.
Also, Jehovah loves Christian parents.
He sees how hard you work to impress a love for God deep in your child's heart.
No doubt, you look forward to sharing every new video with your child to help them learn
to love and respect Jehovah, Jesus, and God's Word.
But more important, how do you think Jehovah feels?
Knowing that a young child can come to know him through this animated series and grow
up to become his dedicated servant?
That is truly special.
We will continue to pray that this series reaches the hearts of our young ones and draws
them closer to Jehovah, their friend now and forever.